# Customer-Rentension
E-retail factors for customer activation and retention: A case study from Indian e-commerce customers  Customer satisfaction has emerged as one of the most important factors that guarantee the success of online store; it has been posited as a key stimulant of purchase, repurchase intentions and customer loyalty. A comprehensive review of the literature, theories and models have been carried out to propose the models for customer activation and customer retention. Five major factors that contributed to the success of an e-commerce store have been identified as: service quality, system quality, information quality, trust and net benefit. The research furthermore investigated the factors that influence the online customers repeat purchase intention. The combination of both utilitarian value and hedonistic values are needed to affect the repeat purchase intention (loyalty) positively. The data is collected from the Indian online shoppers. Results indicate the e-retail success factors, which are very much critical for customer satisfaction. Be careful: There are two sheets (one is detailed) and second is encoded in the excel file. You may use any of them by extracting in separate excel sheet. The number of column(s) is more than 47. Read the column header carefully. Note : Data Scientists have to apply their analytical skills to give findings and conclusions in detailed data analysis written in jupyter notebook . Only data analysis is required.    Need not to create machine learning models /but still if anybody comes with it that is welcome.
